Update Release docs to be more explicit and current (#128)
civiform/docs: docs/contributor-guide/developer-guide/releasing.md

See [Upgrading to a New Release](it-manual/sre-playbook/upgrading-to-a-new-release.md) for an overview of CiviForm release practices.

Releases are created weekly by the on-call engineer, usually on Wednesday, or if requested by a civic entity (e.g. for an urgent bugfix).

## Creating a new release

### 1. Find the most recent commit that is passing CI for all staging environments:

> Find the commit SNAPSHOT id from one of the following, and extract SHA from it. The SHA is the middle item in the SNAPSHOT-sha-hash ID

Author: ```suggestion
Find the commit SNAPSHOT id from one of the following, and extract the SHA from it. The SHA is the middle item in the SNAPSHOT-sha-hash ID
```

#### From Deployment-bot

> Check the #deployment-bot Slack channel for the latest successful SNAPSHOT for Azure and AWS.  This offers a history of previous auto pushes too

Author: ```suggestion
Check the #deployment-bot Slack channel for the latest successful SNAPSHOT for Azure and AWS.  This offers a history of previous auto pushes too.
```

#### From Staging servers

> On the running servers inspect the DOM tree for the <head><meta> item civiform-build-tag. This will only show the current recent for each.

Author: ```suggestion
On the running servers inspect the DOM tree for the <head><meta> item civiform-build-tag. This will only show the current SNAPSHOT for each though.
```

> On the running servers inspect the DOM tree for the <head><meta> item civiform-build-tag. This will only show the current SNAPSHOT for each though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the running servers inspect the DOM tree for `<head><meta name="civiform-build-tag">`. Its `content` attribute will only show the current SNAPSHOT for each though.
```

* [staging-azure](https://staging-azure.civiform.dev/)
* [staging-AWS](https://staging-aws.civiform.dev/)

> Note: If possible finding a commit that passes the above AND [Seattle staging](https://staging.seattle.civiform.com/) is great but not a requirement.  You'll have to inspect the DOM as in the 'From Staging server' section to find it's version.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: If possible finding a commit that passes the above AND [Seattle staging](https://staging.seattle.civiform.com/) is great but not a requirement.  You'll have to inspect the DOM as in the 'From Staging server' section to find its version.
```
